Device roles to capabilities (#197)
margo/specification: system-design/specification/observability/collecting-workload-observability-data.md

Reviewer: Rewording needed for "standalone" / "clustered"

Reviewer: Rewording needed for "standalone" / "clustered"

Reviewer: Rewording needed for "standalone" / "clustered"

Reviewer: Rewording needed for "standalone" / "clustered"

Reviewer: Rewording needed for "standalone" / "clustered"

The device owner MUST deploy, and configure, an OpenTelemetry collector on their device. The device owner MAY choose the deployment model they wish to follow but MUST use one of the following approaches.

> For workload hosting devices there MUST be at least one OpenTelemetry collector deployed to collect the observability data required below. The Device owner MAY choose to deploy multiple OpenTelemetry collectors with each collector receiving different parts of the observability data required below as long as all required observability data is collected.

Reviewer: The intro to this section still applies to all devices regardless whether they are capable of hosting workloads or not. I suggest to replace this with something like:

> For workload hosting devices there MUST be at least one OpenTelemetry collector deployed to collect the observability data required below. The Device owner MAY choose to deploy multiple OpenTelemetry collectors with each collector receiving different parts of the observability data required below as long as all required observability data is collected.
>
> The device owner MAY choose the deployment model they wish to follow but MUST use one of the following approaches.

  > **Note:** Please see the [information below](#workload-observability-default-telemetry) for the default attributes added by the Kubernetes Attributes Processor.

> ### Non-Clustered Container Platforms

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Compose-based Devices
```

> For devices running non-clustered container platforms such as Docker or Podman the following is a minimum list of observability data that MUST be provided. The device owner MAY choose to provide additional observability data if they wish.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For devices with runtimes supporting compose deployment types, such as Docker or Podman, the following is a minimum list of observability data that MUST be provided. The device owner MAY choose to provide additional observability data if they wish.
```
